Hi, I'm Ichimaka Yannick from Ogale, and I'm Charlotte Galfand, and I'm super excited
to be introducing a workshop that we will be teaching at PositConf 2023, Steal Like
an Rtist Creative Coding in R. So there's many reasons why you should take our workshop,
but we're limited to three. I'll say the first reason is because it allows you to learn
about creative coding. And so broadly, creative coding is when you use computer programming
for artistic expression. And both Charlotte and I are data analysts and visual artists,
specifically genre of artists. And part of the reason why we are both is because we were
able to leverage our background in R to create arts. There's a lot of overlap in the skills
for both. And in this workshop, we will show you how you can like take your data transformation,
your data manipulation skills, and your data visualization skills and create really great
art. We're taking an inspiration first approach to this workshop, starting by recreating existing
works. If you feel nervous or intimidated, or like you don't quite put the creative in
creative coding, this is a really good place to get started without already having an idea.
Once you've recreated existing pieces, you'll have the activation energy to remix and reinterpret
them and eventually develop ideas and a style of your own. Finally, by joining this workshop,
you'll become part of the artistry community at large, a group of people who make art using
R. Artistry. Did you get it? Me and Ichimaka have very different styles and tastes, but
we're constantly talking and collaborating when it comes to making art with R. Making
art with a community or with friends is way more satisfying than doing it on your own,
and way more encouraging to keep going. We're so excited for this workshop, and we can't
wait to see you in Chicago. Bye!